[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: What could be
more exciting than a mission
to outer space?
And what about exploring
the deepest depths
of our own planet, Earth?
With us today, of
course, is Emery Smith,
who was sent on missions
to the Inner Earth.
Emery, welcome to the program.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: There has
been so much discussion
over the last several years
about the Inner Earth.
The late Admiral
Richard Byrd flew
in through the top of
the planet into an area
that he always said was
loaded with incredible things.
Your experience would be what?
>>SMITH: Actually, we use
portals to go into these areas.
There's only very limited
areas that you can actually
access these through
the cracks and crevices
and the caves of planet Earth.
>>NOORY: I'm trying to get
a picture for this, Emery,
where you've talked about
portals and crevices.
To me that sounds like
little slits and openings
to get down there.
But isn't there--
and should there
be a bigger opening somewhere
where craft like that
could come in?
>>SMITH: Well, there are,
I think, in Antarctica.
We have seen these on the
maps, these giant holes
underneath the ice that are
hundreds and hundreds of yards
in diameter.
I don't know where they go to,
but they are there for sure.
I know there's more and
more stuff coming out
every day about
Antarctica and I think
it will be exposed
probably this year
about the civilization that's
there and also the craft that
is there.
There's a very large
craft down there.
I think a lot of this is going
to happen very, very soon.
>>NOORY: Now, when you
get through these portals,
how are you traveling?
Are you in a craft or what?
>>SMITH: We have special
drones that kind of
look like giant snakes.
They're robotic in a way.
And they can run for months and
months and months and months
on their own using the
magnetic energy of the Earth.
And they're coated
in a special plasma.
And what they do is they
send these drones in first
because they can go and slither
through these small crevices
or different types of terrain.
>>NOORY: And you're
in this thing?
>>SMITH: No, no.
We're not in these things.
These are anywhere from
six to 12 feet long.
And it brings back information.
It keeps sending
information back and forth.
And they're trying
to not destroy
these pockets in the Earth
that have life in them.
So that's why we send these
drones in through the aquifers
and through the giant
caves and caverns that
are around the world.
>>NOORY: Before you
send in a human.
>>SMITH: Well, we can't
really send a human.
You can't crawl there.
It's too far, it's too
long, and the suits
we have are not that--
>>NOORY: Conducive to that?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Not really strong
enough to do that yet.
>>NOORY: And you say these
drones, these snake drones,
are about six feet long?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They look like snakes.
>>SMITH: What they remind me
of is remember a long time ago
China came up with those
little plastic snakes
you hold by the tail and
they're all segmented?
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
>>SMITH: It has that
type of segmentation.
So it can get into
certain areas.
And like I said, it
has a special coating
of a gel-like hydro
gel plasma over it
that it keeps making on its own.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SMITH: And that allows it
also to leave this residue
behind wherever.
So it's great for in the water.
It can easily swim
through the water.
It can get into these
really tight crevices.
It's AI, so it knows
how to maneuver
using amazing reversed alien
technology that we've made.
>>NOORY: There was a colonel
who apparently took you
into a special
room and showed you
a holograph of the Inner Earth.
What was that?
>>SMITH: This room
was a giant table
and it had an inner
mapping of the Earth.
It's kind of like a GPS for
the inside of the Earth.
And so it was a 3D form where
you can move this around
with your hands.
It was all using just
your hands to search
and you can actually
zoom into an area.
And it was shot in many
different wavelengths.
So it was in infrared, it was
in color, it was in video,
it was in many different
types of wavelengths.
And you could pick
if you just want
to see the heat signatures
of the creatures down there
and then zoom in and
see this little mole
or this giant
Anaconda-type thing.
So there was so much
life down there.
And these maps
have been used for,
as far as I know,
over two decades now.
This system is probably
by now far exceeding
any type of technology
we can imagine.
>>NOORY: Who would
have mapped it,
people like you who
went down there?
>>SMITH: Well, the
mapping had to do
with low ground-penetrating
radar, number one.
And they use special satellites
that are around the Earth that
kind of shoot like x-rays and--
>>NOORY: Into the planet.
>>SMITH: --into the planet
and map this whole thing out.
>>NOORY: Now, with the map,
what did they do with it?
>>SMITH: Well, what
they're looking at
is they're studying
the biospheres
of these giant pockets.
And some are very small,
maybe just the size
of a football stadium; some
are as large as 100 football
stadiums.
And they have their
own energy inside them,
whether it's
geothermal, whether it's
bioluminescent to keep
the creatures in there
alive, making their
own oxygen. Some
of the bubbles of
these spheres that
are in the pockets of the Earth
also are dangerous to humans.
You couldn't go in there because
it's all methane or carbon
dioxide.
>>NOORY: As it probably
should be, I guess.
>>SMITH: Right.
And just like there are certain
creatures in the Marianas
Trench that can survive
around very hot water
and these harsh chemicals that
are erupting out of the planet,
there's actually
life forms there
that wouldn't be
able to survive here
on the surface of
the Earth, only
in these special
containment areas.
>>NOORY: This map that they
showed you, how big was it?
Was it huge, this
holographic map?
>>SMITH: Yes.
The holographic map, it
starts just like a basketball.
And you can blow it up
as big as this room.
So the room was about 45
feet in diameter maybe.
So you can actually
be inside and zoom in
and you will actually
feel like you're
in the actual sphere,
the atmosphere.
>>NOORY: It's like
a virtual map.
>>SMITH: It is.
It's like a virtual
map so we can actually
be walking around inside
the map in this room,
looking at these streams.
>>NOORY: Like
you're really there.
>>SMITH: Like
you're really there
and seeing in
different wavelengths.
You could set the computer--
if you want to see
like in that movie,
"Predator," where he had
this thermal vision and you
could do things like that.
You could look in different
types of wavelengths.
And you can also experience
frequencies from this area
and you can actually
hear the sounds
that are actually happening
exactly at that point.
>>NOORY: When you first saw
the map room, when you first
saw it and you were made
aware of the Inner Earth, what
did you think?
Did it trip you out?
>>SMITH: Well, I think
the biggest surprise
was I didn't know that many
hollow points of the Earth.
Because I was taught there's
a core and magma and this
and the crust and
all these layers.
And it's not like that at all.
It's more like a honeycomb.
There's all these areas,
all these aquifers.
And there's all these
huge pockets of life
that are flourishing down there.
For me, I felt like,
wow, these are--
it's like another planet
within a planet, to be honest.
>>>>NOORY: Did they take you
down there into the Inner
Earth?
>>SMITH: I've been there
through portals, yes.
>>NOORY: Why?
What's down there?
>>SMITH: Well, mostly
just collecting specimens,
kind of like what we were
doing a while ago with going
to different planets.
Maybe.
I don't know that for a fact.
I can just tell you maybe
it was just Inner Earth.
>>NOORY: Now, you
weren't really part
of the group that
spent time down there
and lived down there.
Why did they want
you down there?
>>SMITH: Really,
they're monitoring this
because they want
to preserve it.
There's so many Amazonian
tribes and other tribes
from around the world that
we don't want to infect them.
And it could really
possibly happen
that if instead of sending
a drone, that we send
a person into an
area, we could kill
the whole civilization of
whatever-- of animals and flora
and fauna and things like that.
So they're being very
careful, very delicate.
There's parts, though, however,
that people have already
journeyed to the center
of the Earth, I'll say,
and they know it's
safe to go there
and that the bacteria
and viruses are not
going to kill either person.
>>NOORY: Did you have to wear
a special suit or anything
like that?
>>SMITH: We always
wear special suits
that enclose the entire body.
Yes.
>>NOORY: When you
were down there,
it's got to be pitch
black, or is it lighted?
>>SMITH: That's a good question.
And sometimes it
is very, very dark.
And of course, we use special
lighting, night vision things
and lots of lighting
and things like this.
And we have drones
and robotic devices
that come with us that assist
us with this type of thing.
But for the most part, it
creates its own lit atmosphere
with a type of bioluminescence,
a type of chemical,
but in more depth.
Think of when the fog rolls in
San Francisco, that fog that
comes in, and imagine all
those moisture particles
and pollution particles
actually glowing.
So everything is lit.
>>NOORY: Everything's
illuminated.
>>SMITH: It's all
illuminated from a cloud.
So I don't know the exact
science behind that,
but this is what
I have witnessed.
>>NOORY: How long
were you down there?
>>SMITH: The longest I've
ever been there is a day.
>>NOORY: One full day?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you
sleep down there?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
You can.
You're pretty busy.
You have a list of things that
you're doing as a technician.
And there's many of
us that are there
doing different types of jobs.
>>NOORY: When you went
into the Inner Earth,
did you go in through the
South Pole or the North Pole?
>>SMITH: No.
We go through a base,
through our portal systems.
>>NOORY: But I
mean, where is it?
>>SMITH: The one I went through?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Geographically where?
>>SMITH: Oh.
It was in New Mexico.
>>NOORY: Oh, it's in New Mexico?
>>SMITH: Yes.
The portal that
I'm talking about
is a natural portal where
you walk right through a veil
and you're already there.
>>NOORY: How many portals
are there on the planet?
>>SMITH: Oh, my goodness.
I couldn't tell you.
>>NOORY: Are they
all over the place?
>>SMITH: Probably over
180 that I'm aware of.
>>NOORY: Could somebody walk
into it accidentally and end up
being in the center
of the planet?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
There have been incidences
where most of these things
now are under strict control.
They're under huge
security even if they're
out in the middle
of nowhere where
no one would actually even go.
They have special satellites
that monitor these areas.
And there have been things
like animals and people gone
missing out of
nowhere in the past,
but it doesn't happen
as often anymore.
>>NOORY: If I was watching you
and you walked into a portal,
would you like just disappear?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Is that
what I would see?
>>SMITH: You would just
see me bleed into nothing.
So you'd just see me kind of
digitize into nothingness.
>>NOORY: And when
you walk back I
would just see you appear
and all of a sudden.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
No, it wouldn't be like
appearing out of nowhere.
You would see a bleeding of
my atomic structure being re--
>>NOORY: I would know
something was happening.
>>SMITH: Right.
You could see it.
Yeah.
Many people have witnessed
craft flying into mountains
and disappearing--
I mean, aircraft
and other things.
>>NOORY: The Bermuda
Triangle could be an area.
Right?
>>SMITH: There is a lot of
excellent footage online
that shows motorcycles
just going down
the street and all of a
sudden, they're not there
and people as well.
And these are sometimes
shifts in the portals
because a portal can
actually move itself.
>>NOORY: And it
doesn't necessarily
have to be attached to ground.
It could be up in the
sky somewhere, right?
>>SMITH: Right.
Like the Bermuda Triangle.
>>NOORY: So a plane
could fly through it.
>>SMITH: A plane can fly
in, be gone for a year,
and fly right back.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: To come back,
do you have to come back
through that same portal
or is there another area
you could pop up in?
>>SMITH: The portals are set
up on the axis of the Earth.
And it has to do with also the
solar system and how everything
is aligned, especially the sun.
Because it uses the energy
of all the planets, the sun,
and the Earth for it
to kind of dial in
on these Inner Earth portals,
not the universal portals.
By the way, those are different.
>>NOORY: Were you
asked to go down
there to do some special task?
>>SMITH: Yes.
I was asked to go down
there and collect specimens
and to also record beings
and kind of covertly
do it without them knowing.
And we had special suits that
make you basically completely
cloaked and invisible
that we would wear,
kind of like a photographer
for National Geographic
would do in the Serengeti and
visualize and watch and record
with many different types
of amazing equipment.
And the atmospheres also down
there were so interesting.
They were iridescent,
sometimes rainbow-colored.
Sometimes we had to use
special goggles and special--
our helmets are able to
actually change the tint
because there's some
light that would actually
be dangerous for us.
>>NOORY: Did we lose any
men or women down there?
>>SMITH: Many people have
passed on these missions, yes.
>>NOORY: Were you ever in a
position where you thought
you might not make it back?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>SMITH: We couldn't get to
the portal to activate back.
>>NOORY: To come back?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's got to be scary.
It was very frightening.
>>NOORY: You almost
couldn't come back through.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How did
they finally open it
or how did you finally find it?
>>SMITH: Well, like I said,
the portals can actually move
and we special
magnetometer-type things that
let us know where it is and
how long it can stay open.
Because you only have a
certain amount of time
that you can use it
to get to this place.
>>NOORY: It could close up?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
So like when we do with
space, we might only
have a 15, 30-minute timeframe.
But with Inner Earth,
it's way different
and Earth's completely
moving all the time.
The Inner Earth
core, people always
think that the core is like
a bowling ball; it's not.
It's like more of a blob.
It actually can
move, it's fluid.
And this sets off different
magnetic anomalies.
So we use mostly portals that
have been used for thousands
of years that we've learned
through ancient texts
that we know are safe.
But sometimes we have accidents.
>>NOORY: If you're going
through a portal, Emery,
and somehow it starts closing
up on you and half of you
is through and the other
half hasn't made it yet,
let's just say it's got you
through your torso, what
happens to the
other half of you?
>>SMITH: I've never
seen that happen.
>>NOORY: I mean, that reminds me
of the Philadelphia Experiment,
where some guys were
stuck in the ship halfway.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
That was an experiment
gone horrifically wrong.
>>NOORY: Is time
real down there?
So if you go in at
noon and spend an hour,
it's one o'clock
when you come out?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
The Earth is still rotating,
you're still in the Earth,
and you're still in this solar
system going around the sun
so everything is still
on the same time.
>>NOORY: When you
were down there,
you've made reference
to a craft of some type.
Explain that.
>>SMITH: Well, there
was a craft that
was very deep within
the Earth that we
had another craft similar.
And we were trying to compare
it, trying to compare and see
if it was the same civilization
and why it was there.
And of course,
with this map, you
can still zoom into the
craft so you can actually
see this craft.
There are many craft down there.
One was triangular
with a round top on it.
>>NOORY: Were they big?
>>SMITH: Oh, enormous.
Yeah, enormous craft,
larger than a football
field sometimes.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>SMITH: And some
are very small,
as big as a Volkswagen Beetle.
>>NOORY: Like one could be the
mother ship and the other could
be a little--
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And a lot of these--
that's an excellent point,
which I never talk about.
Many of these larger
craft under the earth
actually have hundreds of
little crafts attached to them.
And this is why a lot of
people see in the sky,
sometimes, a bright light and
then all these little lights
started shooting out everywhere.
And these are these craft.
They're all made of light.
>>NOORY: Where did
the craft come from?
I mean, did the Inner
Earth beings create it,
or was it brought there?
>>SMITH: Most of these craft
were actually teletransported
and kind of got stuck there
from another dimension.
Maybe they went through
a portal and ended up
in the middle of a giant
piece of iron in the Earth.
So that's my own opinion.
>>NOORY: Are they still there?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes.
I mean, the craft
are still there.
But no beings are living.
>>NOORY: But they're not flying?
>>SMITH: No.
Definitely not flying.
They've been there
for quite some time.
>>NOORY: What if there
are some people who
are still operating them?
>>SMITH: No.
There's definitely
ones operating
constantly in our atmosphere
all the time, cloaked.
All the time.
And sometimes during lightning
storms, you'll get to see it
or in different fluctuations of
different parts of the Earth.
You usually see these
things around volcanoes
and major earthquakes
and things like that.
And sometimes they do become
back into our frequency
so you can see them
for just a little bit.
So they do still exist.
But the one I am
referring to underground
is not operational and does
not house any life forms.
>>NOORY: Why haven't
we tried to extract it?
>>SMITH: Oh, it's too deep.
It's too deep in the Earth.
If anything, they'll
probably use the maps
and send drones
down at some point
because we're talking many,
many, many, many miles.
>>NOORY: Why is it kept
a secret from us, Emery?
>>SMITH: Well, I think
what they want to do
is preserve it, number one,
and they don't want the United
Nations wanting
to say, well, no,
we claim this because this
is 30 miles below our country
or this is here, this is there.
It might probably start a war.
Because people are going to--
they're already selling
plots on the moon
and on Mars on certain websites.
I think it's very funny that
you know here we are on Earth.
Are we selling parts
of the ocean now?
If it were to get
out, I do believe
the first thing
that would happen
is we would infiltrate it
and basically destroy it,
as we are doing to
planet Earth right now.
So at least they're
doing the right thing
and just monitoring it and
using special equipment instead
to get samples
without always having
to go there in your
physical 3D to grab things.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
question yourself,
why have they picked
me to do this?
Why am I down here?
>>SMITH: Well there's
many qualified
people like myself
in the military
and out of the
military that have
been traveling all
over the universe
and doing things like
what I was doing,
which I was just
harvesting specimens.
That's what I did.
>>NOORY: When they first showed
you this holographic map,
were you in awe with this?
I mean, was it like, oh my
god, this is down there?
>>SMITH: Well, no.
Actually, I kind of
was already debriefed
on it like a year before and we
had already obtained samples--
>>NOORY: So you knew there
was something down there?
>>SMITH: --that there
was some Inner Earth
thing going on and
tunneling systems and cave
systems and underwater
aquifers that you
could use for travel to one
part of the planet to the next.
And a lot of these
living areas in the Earth
are surrounded by water.
>>NOORY: Well, you would
think there is a lot of water
down there.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: What do you think
the big picture is, Emery,
with this Inner Earth?
What do they want?
>>SMITH: Well, who's they?
>>NOORY: Well, I don't know.
You can tell me who they is.
>>SMITH: Well, like I said,
this is an observation.
And they now, with
this technology,
know where all the hidden
crafts are underground.
They know where all
the different cities
and ancient cities are located.
And I think they're trying
to figure out a story
plan to probably
disinform us, if anything,
for the first maybe
next 100 years.
And I think that's
what it really
has to deal with because
it changes history,
it changes modern day religion.
I mean, it would
change everything
to know that there is something
else going on in the planet.
>>NOORY: And always
has been, right?
>>SMITH: A lot of
things would happen
and there would probably
be wars over this of trying
to gain control over it.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, are their advanced
civilizations down there?
>>SMITH: No.
I don't know of any.
I mean, there are
extraterrestrials
that have their own
facilities at different parts
of the planet that we spoke--
>>NOORY: Extraterrestrials?
>>SMITH: Extraterrestrials
that have been here
for a very, very long time.
And there's been civilizations
here for millenniums.
So I think these are leftover
remnants of these other beings
that used to be there.
And you have to understand
the extraterrestrials that
do live down there
can come and go
as they please using their
own special technology, which
is not a jumbo jetliner or
some sort of tunneling machine.
>>NOORY: But are they all
extraterrestrial or are
some of them from this planet?
>>SMITH: Well, I believe
that some of these beings
have evolved from the planet,
even the Atacama being.
>>NOORY: From the Inner Earth.
>>SMITH: From the
Inner Earth, correct.
There's many sightings around
the planet of these shorter
beings running around, 24
inches tall, near caves
at night and things like
this, which I think actually
originated here from the
Earth somehow over hundreds
of thousands of years.
I mean, we have a gap, you see.
We can't explain how we got
from Cro-Magnon to here.
There's a big, big issue there.
But I do believe these beings
are the beings that people
speak of fairies and gnomes
and trolls and leprechauns.
And I think they actually
are part of the Earth,
that they somehow formed here.
>>NOORY: Well, as we did.
They just happened
to be down there.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I believe
we're more hybrids.
I mean, I do believe we had
a lot of genetic engineering,
a lot of help to get
to where we're at.
I don't think we've
just blossomed out
of a flower or a
mushroom in the Amazon.
I think there is definitely--
because of the gap where
we can't explain how did we
get from primate to here,
I think for them it's opposite.
They did spawn somehow
from the Earth.
And there's so many
things going on down there
that we don't really
understand, yet
and we're trying to preserve
it at the same time.
>>NOORY: Well, it's clear that
these beings have been around
for a long time and
people are still
seeing them in certain
regions of the planet.
So what did they do?
Do they sneak out of
crevices and portals
and come up on the
surface and then go
rushing back down again?
>>SMITH: No.
I don't believe that.
I think some of them
are being pushed out
of their area due
to certain things
that maybe we're doing
that are hurting the Earth.
So they're moving
more to the surface.
>>NOORY: To survive?
>>SMITH: To survive and getting
out of hot spots and different
types of--
there's lots of
earthquakes and volcanoes
and things that are
happening through scalar
and phototometry that's our
fault. We made these devices
and it's ruining the
Inner Earth, as well.
And it's damaging these
natives or whatever
you want to call these
Inner Earth beings.
So they're moving around
and people are starting
to see them now and then.
>>NOORY: They're like
putting water in an ant hole
and the ants come flying out.
>>SMITH: Excellent.
Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: And you said
they're about two feet tall?
>>SMITH: Well, there's
many different sizes.
But the ones are being reported
all around South America
and Africa and Europe and China
seem to all be under 48 inches.
>>NOORY: So they
must be just fleeing
to get out of the Inner Earth.
>>SMITH: There's
something going on,
obviously, that's destroying
their habitat that's
underneath the Earth.
>>NOORY: What to do their
ancient cities look like?
>>SMITH: Well, it's very
primitive, number one.
It looks something like
an old Roman-type--
it's all a stone but more
natural granite-type of
hollowed out into the cave
walls and inside there's
no home structures.
There's no condominiums
or anything like that.
They don't have--
>>NOORY: They don't
have high technologies.
>>SMITH: They don't
have high technology,
but they have a
special technology.
They know levitation, they
know how to move a giant rock,
they know how to produce
water, they know how
to make elements to survive.
And also, they can
control their temperature.
>>NOORY: Would you consider
them to be benevolent?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Well-intentioned?
Oh, absolutely.
The flora and fauna are more
dangerous than anything,
which we'll get into later.
And the creatures that
live down there, too, that
are kind of like if you're
going to be in the Serengeti
there and hang out with
some lions, you might get
chomped on.
>>NOORY: Sometimes when
we see things, Emery,
that we can only imagine,
it gets to be emotional.
It's so dramatic.
Did that happen to you?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Many times, especially finding
carcasses of things that I
didn't understand what they were
and feeling there emotional--
there was emotional attachments
to certain beings that were
down there that were--
you knew they were conscious.
You knew the animal
was conscious
when it looked at you.
You knew the being saw you but
didn't even care about you,
just kept going.
>>NOORY: The fact that you
go public about this now,
are there groups or agencies
that are really like ticked off
at you for saying these things?
>>SMITH: Not about Inner Earth.
They don't want me
talking about, of course,
the holograms, the radars,
the satellites, and the stuff
that we have because no
one's going to believe what
I'm saying right now anyway.
They know there's going to be a
very small amount of the public
that's going to
believe that there's
fairies living under the Earth.
>>NOORY: I wouldn't say
nobody's going to believe you.
I think you've got
quite a following
and people probably
will believe you.
>>SMITH: They get upset when
I talk about the technology.
They get upset when I teach the
world how we actually did it,
how time travel is possible,
how portal technology is real,
how all this stuff.
And it's coming out slowly.
Someone's listening,
which is good,
and which helps
give me credibility.
>>NOORY: What
would you say might
be the most important
knowledge we've gotten
knowing about the Inner Earth?
>>SMITH: I think the
most important thing
that we have learned
from Inner Earth
is preservation, number one.
And why can't we bring
that preservation up here
to the top of the Earth
and start utilizing it
in a professional way?
Utilizing the
technologies, of course,
that are down there
that are all natural
with different elements
and minerals and things
like that that can help also
cure a lot of the problems
we have here on
top of the Earth.
>>NOORY: Why aren't
we doing this?
>>SMITH: Well, it's suppressed.
Everything is always suppressed
by major corporations
and different
political governments
within governments
that people don't even
know about these
governments that
are very gifted with
technologies and things
like this.
>>NOORY: Would you go again?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
Yes.
>>NOORY: There you have it.
Another great experience
from Emery Smith.
Thanks for watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
[THEME MUSIC]